1.Responsive web design
2.Use small sized images and use more svg files than other formats(size is smaller and it is responsive at the same time!)
3.Don't use inline styles or add styles in .html file - move style to .css files
4.Don't use scripts in .html files - move scripts to .js files
5.Web site design must be device-independent
6.W3C technologies and guidelines must be applied
7.Navigation must be easy-to-understand
8.Documents must be clear and simple
9.All web pages (not only the home page) must have descriptive titles provided by the title element
10.Links to all other pages of the site must be available directly or indirectly from the home page
11.Breadcrumb trails may be applied to help the user visualize content structure, ease navigation, and identify the
current location within the site structure as well as within the current web page
12.A logical tab order must be added to web sites that allows the user to easily navigate through links, objects, and
form controls(Use "tabindex" attribute in html tags and set value from 1 to ...)
13.A search function is vital for all web sites because it might help users find content
14.the DOM order must match the visual order( Web page content must be ordered in a meaningful sequence)
15.A dedicated help page can be used to collect information that can be helpful for less experienced users but omitted
from the main content, because they are evident (and even disturbing) for most users
16.Ideally, text is easy to read. Complex text content may be summarized in a form that requires a reading ability less
advanced than the upper secondary education level( For example, a technical article can be too complex to read for
some people, and a text summary containing shorter sentences and more common words might be helpful for them)
17.text lines may not exceed an average of 80 characters even if the browser window is resized
18.The visual presentation of texts should be controlled with CSS properties such as font-family, font-size, fontstyle,
font-weight, color, letter-spacing, line-height, text-align, text-transform, and background-image and the :first-line, 
:first-letter, :before and :after pseudoclasses
19.A cross-browser color selector solution may be applied that allows users to change the foreground and
background colors of text sections
20.screen readers may not automatically read dynamically added content. reading of dynamically added new
content can be ensured by setting the focus to the new element or adding it below the current location where it will be
encountered as the user continues browsing
21.Highly accessible web sites eliminate horizontal scrolling even if the user resizes the browser window
22.Links must apply the title attribute to provide additional link text
23.Images must apply the alt attribute.
24.links should be opened in the same window rather than a new window or tab.
25.Table captions must be associated with tables by using the caption element. Data cells and header cells must be 
associated with the id, header, and scope attributes in tables.
26.Event handlers must be device-independent and allow not only the mouse but also keyboard access to full content
functionality (for example, drag and drop)
27.Web servers that require user authentication often terminate sessions for security reasons after a certain period
of time spent without user activity. If the user cannot provide the input quickly enough, the session times out before
data submission, and reauthentication is required. Servers should store such data in a temporary cache and retain
them after a successful user reauthentication, so the user can continue filling in the form rather than starting it all over
again, because all previously entered data is restored.Automatic redirections should be eliminated whenever possible. Both client-side (meta refresh) and server-side
(HTTP response) redirections have accessibility issues that can confuse users.
28.Form components, links, and all elements with a tabindex attribute greater than 0 can receive focus. However,
the default focus indicator of some platforms is not highly visible and may be difficult to see against certain
backgrounds. The visibility of focus indicators should always be ensured.
29.Time-based media such as presentations must always have an alternate textual version or description.
30.Moving and scrolling texts must also be available in a static page section or window.

